Okay, so we have a minimap here that is already a component. I've given you an image of it and we have a document describing it. So that's kind of the definition of what the minimap is. I think there's some problems with it. I want to refine it quite a bit. The image kind of does a good job of showing the major pieces. Some of the most important elements that we have here, though, are that the user, when the user is actually dragging and moving our selection slider, it gets extremely janky because it's also trying to move the system, the UI behind it. So the timeline itself is certainly moving, but also the minimap is updating relative to the timeline changing, even though I'm trying to drag on it. All movements on the timeline by user, when a user is dragging, moving, or scaling something, that needs to be done in a ghosted fashion. I don't mind if it does update underneath, but basically if we are scaling and the timescale underneath us is changing, we don't want that timescale underneath to also change the timescale representation that we're dragging across. So I don't want a double scaling factor or something like this. So you need to be very careful about how we treat this ghosted relationship. Maybe not making any movements until the user lets go. That would be the easiest. But updating the UI while the user is making changes is preferable in all cases. We would love for the user to be able to see what their change is before they let go. So I don't want the minimap to opinionate whether or not we can make those changes. Also, there's a kind of full scale representation of the entire data set at the top, which looks like a horizontal scroll bar. That scroll bar needs to be movable. I need to be able to slide it around. That would be very nice. Very similar to the lower bar being scrollable or something like that. I don't mind how perfect that works. Also, on the top scroll bar scenario, dots would be great if we had dots up there representing at least clusters of items or something like that. Also, we'd like some scrolling events on the timeline bar itself. If I scroll left and right, it should move. If I scroll up and down, it should zoom. And we want more obvious when we mouse over or whatever it might be the edges of that selection area. That should be more obvious that it's grab points. It does turn into arrows, which is very nice. But pretty much whenever I'm over the slide selection area, those edges should turn into bars in some way that make it obvious that I can drag them.